docs: DKIM - Include command to restart DMS properly (#4698)
tomav/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/best-practices/dkim_dmarc_spf.md

    !!! info "Restart required"

>         After restarting DMS(docker compose down && docker compose up), outgoing mail will now be signed with your new DKIM key(s) :tada:

Reviewer: What were you doing prior? `docker compose restart`?

---

[`docker compose up --force-recreate`](https://docker-mailserver.github.io/docker-mailserver/latest/config/debugging/#preliminary-checks) should be sufficient (_although `docker compose down` then up is a bit more thorough IIRC_). We also document this command [here](https://docker-mailserver.github.io/docker-mailserver/latest/usage/#get-up-and-running).

```suggestion
        After restarting DMS (`docker compose up --force-recreate`), outgoing mail will now be signed with your new DKIM key(s) :tada:
```

Author: > What were you doing prior? `docker compose restart`?

Yes, `docker compose restart` . The files were never copied to `/etc/opendkim/` on `restart`. Anyways using `docker compose down && docker compose up` fixed this issue. 

> `docker compose up --force-recreate` should be sufficient (although docker compose down then up is a bit more thorough IIRC).

I did not try [--force-recreate](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/compose/up/#:~:text=If%20you%20want%20to%20force%20Compose%20to%20stop%20and%20recreate%20all%20containers%2C%20use%20the%20%2D%2Dforce%2Drecreate%20flag.), only difference is it does not recreate `networks` defined in compose file. [down](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/compose/down/#:~:text=By%20default%2C%20the,one%20is%20used.) `&& up` also recreates `networks`.  Also there is an old issue for [--force-recreate](https://github.com/docker/compose/issues/4273), though I assume it's already fixed.

Reviewer: > Yes, `docker compose restart` . The files were never copied to `/etc/opendkim/` on `restart`.

Yeah that's because it presently relies upon scripts that only run on container init (fresh container), we have detection for restarted containers to prevent most of the startup scripts from running as the changes from scripts often assume they're applied from a fresh state, not applying the same change again (_which may not apply cleanly depending on the approach_).

> I did not try `--force-recreate`, only difference is it does not recreate `networks` defined in compose file.

Yeah, which should be fine in this case. There shouldn't be a change to the networks 😅
